docs: add how to fix cjs/esm bugs video link (#8553)
remix-run/remix: docs/future/vite.md

#### ESM / CJS

> For a walkthrough of fixing an example bug checkout [🎥 How to Fix CJS/ESM Bugs in Remix][how-fix-cjs-esm].
> 
> Vite supports both ESM and CJS dependencies, but sometimes you might still run into issues with ESM / CJS interop.
> Usually, this is because a dependency is not properly configured to support ESM.
> And we don't blame them, its [really tricky to support both ESM and CJS properly][modernizing-packages-to-esm].

Reviewer: I feel like we need the context of the issue before the link—what do you think?

```suggestion
Vite supports both ESM and CJS dependencies, but sometimes you might still run into issues with ESM / CJS interop.
Usually, this is because a dependency is not properly configured to support ESM.
And we don't blame them, its [really tricky to support both ESM and CJS properly][modernizing-packages-to-esm].

For a walkthrough of fixing an example bug, check out [🎥 How to Fix CJS/ESM Bugs in Remix][how-fix-cjs-esm].
```
